what is up on cereal montage and today
I'm going to show you how to make sure
your ps3 is a hundred percent compatible
with me three flasher what you will need
is a USB and common sense first step is
to open up your USB and plug it into
your computer next step is to download
the link in the description then make a
folder called ps3 update and then the
file your download will be called ps3
update dot pop and it is a minimum
downgrading checker so it'll check the
first version your ps3 came on so you
want to put it in the update folder and
then eject your USB
now you want to head down to your ps3
okay now we're down to my ps3 it's
already on um wait okay here we go I'm
gonna sit down my back button once I
plug in my USB so yeah ii plug in your
USB make sure it's fat32 it up now we've
focused my ipod now you want to navigate
settings system update update VI a
storage media and it'll say version
check by mcaro
hit OK and it will say update data a
version 3.4 T or later can be installed
on this system that means my minimum
downgrade can be 3.4